# R&D Team Sync @ May 21st 2024

## Agenda

- HR + Admin
- Round Table by Person 
- Round Table by Product
- Any Other Business

## Round Table By Person

### Pavel

- Litmus Service worker
  - Adding tests
  - Introducing an RPC pool

- Front end:
  - Example DApp working
  - Adding other parameters

### Avi

- Working risco0 6 tx -> 2 batch test
- Property tests coming

### Marijan

- Working on branch to make circuit work with Nix
- Deposit contract was merged and now being deployed

### Chen

- Working on post conference actions
- Collecting materials, i.e. video, photos, decks
- Getting feedback from participants
- Follow up press with Cryptoland

### Matt

- Arrived in Berlin for ZK Proof
- Working with Jonas on limit order book

### Quinn

- Starting a white paper
- Consensus protocol formalisation

### Mark

- Post DC recovery
- Preparing for ZK Proof 6 

## Round Table By Product

### Litmus

- Call to be held on Thursday
- Demo feasible

### Kairos

- Need to merge risc0 branch
- L1 contract needs to accept 
- Server needs to be updated to invoke risc0 prover server
- DA component needs to be merged
- Demo blockers remain
